translation(simplified Chinese) + review for python basics (#398)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/python-basics/basics/writing-to-console.md

{{% notice tip %}}
### Using " with printing

> Did you notice that Hello, World! was surrounded by `"`? Did you try it without the `"` marks to see that an error occur? But, if you tried `print(123)`, you would find that it works without error. That is because text (Strings in programming languages) requires  you specify that it is text by wrapping it in quote marks. But numbers do not require them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you notice that Hello, World! was surrounded by `"`? Did you try it without the `"` marks to see that an error occurred? But, if you tried `print(123)`, you would find that it works without any errors. That is because text (Strings in programming languages) requires  you specify that it is text by wrapping it in quote marks. But numbers do not require them.
```
